that fit stuyvesant is in so many ways
the heart of Brooklyn Hawaii recognizes
that the bedford-stuyvesant is a
beautiful dynamic key community in the
city of Brooklyn we've probably been a
lot easier to erect this type of a
structure and put this kind of an
investment in a much more affluent area
and it's it's fantastic is in my view
it's essentially a demonstration of the
why living its values going back 15
years the wiring had the major
reputation the community would not
really all that engage the renovation
the commitment the capital campaign the
support of our association office
community leaders to community board the
elected officials and the community
itself just spoke to the fact that the
committee believes that there is a
growth potential is opportunity there's
light the Y stands are a beacon for that
in the community but in several key
players in this whole effort I think you
know the person I would describe the
highest honors to would probably be
plenty without a question there were the
doubters and moments I even wondered
well are we really going to make it
happen but we stuck to it and we
completed the planning process and then
one day the shovels hit the dirt and we
started building a new facility we
opened in January 15 2007 and we
projected within a year's time we would
have 2,000 members fold the year out
3,500 members plus never knew we would
get such a great response in the
community the bedford-stuyvesant the Y
is integral in the life of the community
not only was i thrilled that the
building's design but it's it
is even more important I've never seen
the Y being used to extent that it is
now by all ages working people seniors
young people and more inspiring useful
why because of the type of service and
how it is provided a building here now
speaks to changing your lifestyle it
speaks to health and fitness it's
welcoming the colors are vibrant it's
good when everyone wants to be a part of
something everyone wants to be a part of
it so people are reaching out telling
their friends selling their families and
we're just growing it's become a center
of the neighborhood and you just see it
by the number of people coming in and
out the members today still coming
through the doors we're presently at
6,400 members just two years later that
would be one of the most remarkable
experiences of my entire career to watch
us go from not having as much to offer a
community to be able to show the
community bedford-stuyvesant that we
could provide a full facility everything
state-of-the-art and open it for that
the bedford-stuyvesant YMCA is part of
the fabric of this neighborhood
and that is what the YMCA tries to do to
be part of the fabric in the good of a
community and developing the good people
that exists here and making their lives
better